just in case you wanted to know who's on
the cover of every W 2k16 well here he
is Stone Cold Steve Austin made the
cover good to be 2k16 now I hate to say
I told you so there's gonna be a Stone
Cold Steve Austin mode so for that
reason I'm predicting that he might be
on the cover of the box but I told you
saw a few weeks ago I predicted that
either roman reigns Brock Lesnar
Seth Rollins John Cena or Stone Cold
Steve Austin would be on the cover and
Stone Cold Steve Austin is in the cover
was announced four hours ago by WD 2k
themselves I thought they were gonna
wait till Rob but no they decided to
spoil it early man what gets revealed on
time nowadays it seems like whatever
something's supposed to get revealed it
gets leaked early or just announced
earlier oh I'm saying but it is what it
is now any fool could have guessed that
so-called would be on the cover because
a while ago they announced that there's
going to be a Stone Cold Steve Austin
mode so once they said that I'm like and
there might be a chance that he's going
to be on the cover and I saw in the
comments through the video for the
announcement lots of people are like I
like stone cold and the cover looks sick
but why stone cold I mean why can't we
have somebody from the current roster
lots of people were like I was hoping
Roman reigns or such wrong to be on the
cover well you know what Austin 3:16
says he just made the cover to 2k 69
usually it's legends that make the cover
of games sometimes I mean the rod was on
2k 14 and people did really complain
about that everyone was like that sick
and I like the stone cool cover I really
like it I'm gonna feel like a mouse when
I grab that game and I have that cover
but Stone Cold's fist in the air you
know I'm saying that's gonna be sick and
that's going to be awesome and the
roster is going to feature the biggest
roster of any w/e games so there's a lot
of hype for 2k16 hopefully they have a
better story mode than the 2k showcase
maybe better rivalries I don't know but
yeah that's for another video so thank
you for watching what do you think about
this 2k16 cover the Stone Cold Steve
Austin deserve to be on it I think he
does it's been a long time since we seen
him I think the last time he appeared on
TV shows maybe in 2010 with a little
tough enough thing
remember you also returned was to give
us starter to Michael Cole and JBL good
times I hope this isn't really a
surprise to anyone what I heard the news
I was like ok ok and I saw the cover and
I was like ok ok so the fact that he is
on the cover also means that he's
probably going to return soon maybe not
to wrestle but maybe to make a promo
just to make an appearance because
usually every time a superstar is on the
cover but we're not necessarily on the
cover but once the superstar has
advertiser featured a lot for a game
they usually return like sting Hulk
Hogan the rock well the rock always
comes at least once a year yes usually
what happened so we're probably going to
see some Cold Steve Austin return soon
so you better be hyped with this I
personally have no problem with this
cover I think it's really high but I
think so cool really deserves to be on a
cover because he hasn't really been on
covers in a long time I don't think I've
seen him on MTV cover in the last 10
years or maybe this is his first time
and it is his first time alone on a
cover so yeah tell me what you think
about this leave all your thoughts in
the comment section below if you want to
see more WV 2016 news / gameplay / rumor
/ prediction / any TV video any
information that comes out for the game
I will cover it but I need your support
so thank you for watching share this
video if you like leave all your
thoughts in the comment section below
and if you're new please give a Stone
Cold Stunner to that subscribe button ok
what do you expect to see in 2k16 and
since I already got my baby to be fans
attention you know what I'm in a good
mood so coming up next is part 50:50 to
the WV Tookie 15 my career series I will
see you there will power is out know
hahahaha